Google bigquery (#2252)
akka/alpakka: docs/src/main/paradox/google-cloud-bigquery.md

### Reported issues

[Tagged issues at Github](https://github.com/akka/alpakka/labels/p%3Agoogle-cloud-bigquery)

## Artifacts

@@dependency [sbt,Maven,Gradle] {
  group=com.lightbend.akka
  artifact=akka-stream-alpakka-google-cloud-bigquery_$scalaBinaryVersion$
  version=$version$
}

## Usage

Add the imports

Scala
: @@snip [snip](/google-cloud-bigquery/src/test/scala/docs/scaladsl/GoogleBigQuerySourceDoc.scala) { #imports }

Java
: @@snip [snip](/google-cloud-bigquery/src/test/java/docs/javadsl/GoogleBigQuerySourceDoc.java) { #imports }

Create the BigQuery configuration

Scala
: @@snip [snip](/google-cloud-bigquery/src/test/scala/docs/scaladsl/GoogleBigQuerySourceDoc.scala) { #init-config }

Java
: @@snip [snip](/google-cloud-bigquery/src/test/java/docs/javadsl/GoogleBigQuerySourceDoc.java) { #init-config }

You can use the connector in order to list information on the tables and their fields. 
The payload of the response from these requests is mapped to the models `QueryTableModel` and `Field`.
The results are mapped partially from the payload received.
In order to retrieve the full payload from these requests a custom parser has to be implemented. 

> In cases or errors, empty responses or api changes a custom parser has to be implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of error, empty response or API changes a custom parser has to be implemented.
```

### Cancel on timeout

All of the provided functionality can fire a callback when the **downstream** signals a stop.
This is useful if you want to implement some timeout in the downstream, and try to lower your costs with stopping the longrunning jobs.
(Google doesn't provide any insurance about cost reduction, but at least we could try. [Read this for more information.](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/rest/v2/jobs/cancel))

Scala
: You can use the build in @scala[@scaladoc[BigQueryCallbacks](akka.stream.alpakka.googlecloud.bigquery.scaladsl.BigQueryCallbacks$).]

Java
: You can use the build in @java[@scaladoc[BigQueryCallbacks](akka.stream.alpakka.googlecloud.bigquery.javadsl.BigQueryCallbacks$).]

### Parsers

The parser function is a `JsObject => Try[T]` function. 
This is needed because there is a possibility, the response not to contain any data. In this case we need to retry the request with some delay.
Your parser function needs to be bulletproof and the code in the examples represents the happy path.
In case of `Failure` ; your stream will be polling forever!

## Running an End to End test case

You might want to run an End to End test case 

> See @ref:[BigQueryEndToEndSpec](src/test/scala/akka/stream/alpakka/googlecloud/bigquery/e2e/BigQueryEndToEndSpec.scala).

Reviewer: This is causing an error. You can only `@ref` link from a paradox page to another paradox page (not source code. See https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/paradox/current/directives/linking.html#ref-link

Try the docs locally using `sbt docs/previewSite`

Author: Used `@github:[BigQueryEndToEndSpec](../../../../google-cloud-bigquery/src/test/scala/akka/stream/alpakka/googlecloud/bigquery/e2e/BigQueryEndToEndSpec.scala)`
